My attempt to solve the Yodle.com careers Juggle Festival puzzle

Michael Foley, jugglefest circuit assignment 

it's easier to have the makefile rip the circuit and juggler information into 
structure array initializationsthan to write the parser for the file.
I can also have the Makefile rip the 3 circuit 12 juggler sample for testing.
I'm assuming someone at Yodle wrote the program to generate the output in the sample.
if that's a bad assumption then I have no way to validate my answers.
Another assumption, the LEAST popular circuits must still be one of the preferences of C/J jugglers 

I will include the jugglers.sed and circuits.sed scripts along with Makefile and jugglefest.c

Created _jugglefest and _lil_jugglefest targets in Makefile to resolve preprocessing issues.

Juggler preference and then Dot Product rankings against Circuits are my only criteria for assignment,
Jugglers will be assigned to Circuits in their preference lists, in order. Jugglers will only be pushed
out of a circuit and reassigned further down their preference lists by 6 jugglers with higher rankings.

ShowAssignments macro function with verbose trigger logic added

it's working, hope it's the right answer 28762@yodle.com here I come

Double checking output, it has many failures, 188 Jugglers exhaust their preference lists, meaning they
are not among the 6 jugglers with the highest Dot Product for any circuits in their preference lists.
There are at least 6 jugglers that ranked higher in each case.

not specifying -o or -e disables all output except the circuit list required

Changing logic, successful assignment, via successful reassignment of any juggler pushed out of a circuit
now causes recursion with the next juggler, successful return from total recursion only happens when ALL
Jugglers assigned.

The recursion logic will attempt to resolve ties for last place assignments in every possible way
in an effort to place ALL jugglers in the festival. The option -vl reports retries.

Total recursion version has been running for days on Raspberry Pi, building Ubuntu Laptop for second
development platform, it'll be faster. Now it's been running for 2 Days. It passed the RPi but is 
still chugging away.

Debugged total recursion version, stopping after each recursion through C1970 to check list
-v_ will do this now, shows no change to C1970, makes sense...

C1970 is the only circuit with H:10 E:10 P:10, the highest values for all the circuits
The only 6 Jugglers with 10,10,10 will each score a dot product of 300, all others will be reassigned 
further down their respective preference lists.
None of the 188 Jugglers who fail to assign with -f will affect C1970 when we run without -f and recur
through all possible resolutions of ties.
My best hope for the non -f version is that it will find the correct combination of resolutions of ties
to assign ALL the jugglers somewhere, if not it will recur all the way back to failing to assign Juggler J0.

None of the failures will change the list in C1970 and thereby the email address for submission
I am submitting the output of the -f version to Yodle, I'll probably let the non -f version
continue to run at least through the holidays, maybe until I hear from Yodle.

A quick google for Jugglefest finds some GitHub repositories for solutions, some have the same Juggler
list for C1970, some have jugglers assigned to circuits that aren't in their preference lists.
Considering having my solution rip others output files for comparison, maybe after submitting.

